[Music]
It's okay, we're going to make chicken.
the ingredient for the cock 3 cream
collet corn or wheat soup 1 can
cream
a can of and saw a can of corn a
milk bed a broth that chicken knuckle
today is a chicken breast or two breasts
Preparing chicken we'll have to see there
season the first chicken in a chicken
let cool
after he had led you down you
hence he ready has mixed chicken in the
panela that you are waited for the broth
[Music]
What we in a little more than saves
it
You let it boil a little to
then mix the other ingredients
after you left without seeing a
little enough to taste
Now let's add the ingredients
Let's add the and via
the middle kiss the green corn and let's go
add milk
I'll add the liter of milk because
I'm going to do very very very much
but if you do not do much you just boot
half the milk shows all the trash the
I'm going to do a lot and let's play
enough to mix the ingredients
we will put the wheat flour or the
But how do you have to have a
creamy consistency you taste if you have
missing something adds can
give more goals in this mouth have photo on
salt adds a little
You mess things up that you do not want to stay.
with're sweepstake
and you'll fiddle with china until you solve
whole mass
you can also develop first the
mass and then put you can hit
in the blender with the milk in the dough
that will make it easier too, you will not
have the job of undoing
pasta dough
if you pass the blender with the
milk
and you mess up the point is the
important is that it does not get too thick
not too thin and does not
these dumplings in cake batter
the cream is great and stirring well
to obtain a homogeneous mixture and this
ready our chicken cream is well
simple to do
So now you just taste us cream
chicken I hope you have
understood the recipe is try to make it
you will like
until the next time the brigator watched
kiss and until lucy's next recipe
Look how beautiful these people are.
cream of chicken with that little rice
Brazilian and nobody likes
only the dogs loose the dogs
people are people our chicken cream
nobody likes nobody either
oh how delicious only the dogs people
it is wonderful
[Music]